feat(issues): Add more `is:for_review` details (#11023)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/issues/states-triage/index.mdx

## Manually Triaging Issues

> While some issue statuses are added and updated automatically, you can manually `Archive` or `Resolve` an issue, which will also change its status and remove it from the `is:for_review` list. Items in the `is:for_review` list are issues that need to be reviewed, including new, regressed, or unresolved issues that have not yet been reviewed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While some issue statuses are added and updated automatically, you can manually `Archive` or `Resolve` an issue, which will also change its status and remove it from the `is:for_review` list. Items in the `is:for_review` list are new, regressed, or unresolved issues that haven't been reviewed yet.
```
